Update DEPLOYMENT.md (#329)
0xProject/0x-mesh: docs/DEPLOYMENT.md

-   In order to disable P2P order discovery and sharing, set `USE_BOOTSTRAP_LIST` to `false`.
-   Running a VPN may interfere with Mesh. If you are having difficulty connecting to peers, disable your VPN.
-   If you are running against a POA testnet (e.g., Kovan), you might want to shorten the `BLOCK_POLLING_INTERVAL` since blocks are mined more frequently then on mainnet.

> -   If you want to run the mesh detached, add the -d switch to the docker run command so that your console isn't blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If you want to run the mesh in "detached" mode, add the `-d` switch to the docker run command so that your console doesn't get blocked.
```
